e e
to
[Music]
hold me clo
before we
go why did we have to
go and my heart turn to sand beneath
your
step every letter and
re you s
[Music]
all to our
stand sing your
dreams
are out with the old and with the
new can we find
sanctuary in our
mind some are gone forever more
but not you my
dear please come back to
me the fall on the way can be your
[Music]
guide
Fe will drift aart
stray from
home for a new start
[Music]
r
out a demon the patron of Sorrow
everything in blindness the hell are
tomorrow branded by hatred fall angels
how shall she for Freedom till Dawn the
demon finds solace in a finite condition
from ideal that's so Bound by
Contrition weave a creation of a fallen
Mystic how can a world Purge curses
[Music]
unseen and will bring light in the world
still the Sol for warning transgression
is punished by its own con
sequence what is the cost of
[Music]
deliver of
inocence s by the Creed of
innocence and trans by totality the
stars all
around what will be come of the world
they once new
[Music]
[Applause]
H you can't hear it on R end but I'm
fading out the
audio very magn
ually I know I can pause it cuz it's not
playing
hello can chat hear
me hello hello hello hello hello hello
that's not even what your voice sounds
like no no I have a very thick Ki I
don't have a very thick kiwi accent not
anymore
not anymore
[Music]
hello am I still quiet I think you're
louder than me
now well I'm going to try turning it up
more listen to the sultry tones of my
voice literally I turned up my
microphone audio as lot as I could go
when you did that
sorry EX exellent wait should I put my
hand on yeah you can put your hand on
hand cam
hi
touching good
morning technically it's well no well
it's very early in the morning or at
night it's just mid it's midnight that's
it
mhm even with the gain
cranked I can just turn down the my
desktop audio instead and it will
balance out everyone should be able to
like safely turn up their volume cuz
I've reduced the desktop audio by
negative 7.2
DB um hello
hello
waving see I can look at this really
nice keyboard isn't it swell we've seen
it so many times now look at it
again wow chat here now you guys see
my I can do uh this I have it set so you
can see
um Eden's iPad screen you can also bring
it into to camera view if you want to as
well can you do that
what can you bring can you bring this in
the camera view how do I do that uh hold
it here
oh so we got the iPad going on over here
but if I click here you can see what
she's drawing as well so this is a
really weird once in a lifetime like
double stream wait I just realized zes
kills in chat hi ZZ you're
incredible legendary Z is going to let
me sing on one of their songs eventually
I think
it's G to be so
good eaten Asmar let's go is that a
fidget spinner uh good question um this
is kind of uh I don't know how to
explain this but I do like this with it
but what it's supposed to do is you're
supposed to like spin this first and
then do this but it's whatever it's kind
of broken this is the second one that
I've had that's like broken so I need to
get another
one this thing is like the secret to
like keeping me focused while I work
like this CU this is a very one-handed
one so I could like do this and I could
I could literally
like w while I'm still doing this right
so it's
legendary I wish I can make the chat
bigger on this thing is that
possible I don't think
so cuz I'm looking at the chat on the
iPad technically I could put it on the
other screen I could just for me to read
it or for you to read it for
both you know what I'm going to join on
my
phone and then I can see it on my own
little screen look guys we've got like
one two three four five screen I can
actually technically then also just set
wait my phone's dying
uhoh wait there's a charger right there
how
convenient I'm G to have the stream open
on my phone too so if I look to the
right I can also see
it we are the gay people inside your
phone how incredibly smart
hello doesn't
work that's what gay people inside your
phone sounds like that's exactly what
they sound like
wait would this work if I drink this yes
it
does would this work if you drink the
Coca-Cola cuz it's leaning against my
bottle oh I see if it'll still stand
up got gay people in your
games there are a lot of gay people in
games believe it or not they are there
are so many ever heard of a game called
undertale
what kind is it this is the 49 SL Mark
III from
Novation it's pretty all right it
actually has like honestly for me this
probably has way too many features that
I just don't use it has a lot of
features if you need like a One keyboard
does all type thing this is this is
probably good for you um I don't really
need everything that it's got though
it's really great if you want to syn
like external gear to it and stuff which
I have external gear to syn to it but um
I just don't find myself doing it that
much your workspace has light and more
space okay let me explain something
usually I'm working in the dark but
because Eden's been here I've been in
the habit of just keeping the lights on
I require light Eden needs light I don't
soise is that uh I don't work worse with
the lights on so um um by default the
lights just stay on uh more space
because this keyboard has helped me free
up more space I used to have a fullsize
keyboard with the number pad and
everything and then I built this one um
and I have even smaller keyboards uh let
me see really
quickly I just built this one before
Eden got on the camera I just built this
one before Eden got here it's pretty
pretty good if you compare this size to
that keyboard that's like even smaller I
don't even need to use this wrist rest
um wrist rest wrist rest wrist rest
wrist Dr I'm in the business of building
keyboards now it's great um I'm trying
to like figure out one that's like
perfect for making music I have this
Alice layer keyboard that's coming and
it has a few uh macro keys on the side
and I'm hoping that the angle and just
the workflow of it would be really good
for making music and and [__] how do you
build keyboards that's so pretty pretty
um depends on how you go about it you
can get kits which is like the most
popular way of doing
it um you can go get like individual
Parts yourself and then figure it out
from there like
technically if you know how to like
program a
PCB like you're pretty much set if you
wanted to Def from from complete scratch
but um usually you just look for designs
and kits that people are doing and then
you can like figure out what kind of
sound profile you wanted to do and what
kind of feel you want for it and you
just like choose your other parts
outside the kit as a way of um doing
that can I show my keyboard yeah you can
show so for Eden's birthday I bought her
stuff to build a keyboard um and when
she got here one of the first things we
did was I taught her how to build it
it's got a briefcase on everything yeah
it's huge well it's not huge it's
actually small it's a small keyboard no
it's huge we picked out uh specifically
like the colors for this one to be Asos
as like her her
OC here you can there we go so this is
the keyboard I taught Eden how to build
and so this is what she did there were
only two keys that didn't work yeah we
had some bent pins on a and three but
then we got that all sorted
M it makes nice
sounds yeah it's good for it's good for
a beginner one cuz I'm a
beginner
but I'll have more to show like I have
more stuff coming that I'm going to
build the problem is that this [__]
takes so long I'm still waiting on what
I bought something
in November I think it was not November
in like October I entered a group buy
for for some stuff and I don't think I'm
going to get that
until like at the end of this year so
it's over it's like took over a year to
get here basically
so if you're looking to get into
keyboards please make sure you know what
the like shipping and Manufacturing time
when that stuff is because that's that's
the hardest part that's the hardest part
of this is like the wait the waiting
times play Elden ring actually okay
okay you're going to get me you're going
to get me started on this but let's get
her started let's go I played I I played
Elden cuz after fish Whisperer literally
right after fish Whisperer released
Elden Ring released and I was like okay
I'm done with this giant thing I'm going
to play Elden ring I wasn't planning to
finish it I was planning to take my time
on it and I played the whole thing in
was it a two weeks yes very short time
frame I played the whole thing in two
weeks and I've put 120 hours into my
main uh save
file um and Elden ring is the first
video game I've played
[Music]
where I I finished the game and the
moment I finished the game I was like
I'm going to Play It Again mhm so I did
I have a second save file that I'm
working on now Elden ring is like
incredible I for for reference I have
played Dark Souls
1 once I played Dark Souls 2 three times
and I'm played Dark Souls 3 two times
and I've played bloodborne once I
haven't played sakiro and I haven't
played um Demon Souls the Remake were
the original and then I've played Elden
ring um so I played a lot of a lot of
the uh Souls like from software games
but I have to say that Elden ring is my
favorite one mhm rightfully so Elden
ring is really good really good it's a
hard it's so it's a hard game it's
easier than some of the other games
aspects and harder in other
ones it's the first soulsborne game I've
been introduced to and Eden watched my
whole playthrough so has like pretty
much all the Elden ring chops she knows
all the lore that I
do she's she's gone as deep as I have
without like playing it herself
basically well you are well she's been
playing a little bit here oh my god when
wait I don't know how much spoiler I
can't I can't say spoilers but when I
got to the end
part my like I just remember the feeling
of like adrenaline running through I was
even playing and I was like oh my God
Elden ring has some of the best boss
fights not just of like any from
software game but in like any video game
period what's the company that released
the souls bur game from software yeah
sponsored by from software go by Elden
ring makes it easier items but finding
them is hard
well there is no easy mode with I'm not
an elitist I'm not an elitist with
anything like just play just like play
alen Ring however you want to and that's
the right way to play
it
um people who like even like you can use
all the Spells you want and Elden ring
still isn't all that easy unless
you like progress your own way anyway
it's really hard to actually
cheat uh Elden ring without you know
proper hacks or something unless you're
zip glitching which I'm pretty sure they
patched out if someone knows I don't
think I'm I'm ever going to do youtubing
that's it's not really my thing I could
just show you my face hi she says that
now but
like I feel like something might change
you never know the world of vtubers is
getting pretty big I don't know what are
my opinions on blly I really like blly
but I also killed
him it was so sad because the whole time
that she was like killing killing him
she was like I hate doing this this is
so sad and then she proceeded to wear
all his gear and she went around in all
his gear and she was like oh this is so
sad don't I look so good Eden I this is
so sad oh I look so sick with this coat
just listen I did the whole Ronnie quest
line that was not a face I show my face
all the
time show my face hi aeden
hello see the top of my head I'll ask
like which one I can which one face
where did
my can I said I like this one yes I look
so edgy in that one we taking Polaroids
and like I took this one of Eden and
like this one's so
good I'm
brooding this she's sitting where I'm
sitting right
now see I've got this you can't see it
but I'm wearing a smiley face jumper so
it's kind of funny that I'm like br
roting so
much let me see if I can get the um the
one where you're at the synthesizer can
I show you this one yeah sure here's the
Eden face reveal there I
am I'm not a kiwi in real life you well
you are actually well yes I am but not
the
bird I mean we're both flightless so
we're not that different
yes I I have to scan all of these yeah
yeah there's quite a few wait my turn my
turn to show photos of my
girlfriend can I show this
one you're covering my face yeah you can
yeah you can see
that look at how cool she
looks I was showing Eden how to use the
mini log synthesizer whereing I recorded
like an hour's worth of sounds from that
session can I show this one yeah you can
show that one
I like this is like one of the only
times you're ever going to see my hair
up special
edition this is turned into Old we're
literally 20s we're in our we're in our
early 20s right now we are we're like
reminiscing over like a few days ago
look oh dear look at this lovely photo I
took of you just two weeks ago back at
the prom of
DC we never had the opportunity to go to
prom again no I don't I don't like any
of prom is not like even if you like the
people you're going to prom with it's so
a prom is annoying hey anyone anyone
who's in high school prom is prom
doesn't matter if you're if you if
you're like if you feel left out of prom
don't feel left out it's terrible
prom is like nothing you can do your own
prom without like the awkwardness you
could do your own prom you could you
could prom you can literally go to
McDonald's and have a better time than
everyone at prom go to McDonald's and
your best outfits and everyone will be
like what is going on and you'll be like
this is normal there's just a bunch of
people walking in in like Tuxedos and
dressing into yeah can I get a
McFlurry and they just start dancing on
the counter yes like this is such an
inconvenient video of the the two guys
in the McDonald's you know the see I'm
referencing see this is just like when
you try to reference a Vine with the try
to explain it and it's like no wait they
say Tik toks now don't they really are
old they say Tik toks what are you
talking about they really are old
people I'm in the same you're C you're
thought it was California yeah
I'm I'm in the I don't know if you're
talking talking on me actually no
there's like this whole like like little
lore fest going on people were talking
about time zones in the chat right now
oh I see the chat okay whenever I was in
these like watching these streams I was
always like oh it's so easy to keep
track with comments it is not easy to
keep track I like understand why there's
always these big gaps because it's hard
because everything goes by so quickly
yeah this isn't even like a fast chat TI
everyone's really well behaved in here
usually 's well behav like no one's like
no one's spamming like people don't go
crazy like if you get into like a like a
live stream with like over 200 300
people or more you know thousands of
people what is it Derma streams of like
15,000 plus people chat just you just
can never see it you never see aing so
scary it's just like flashes of things
someone asked about color designing um
if I went into that it would take a long
time
but um if you want to ask questions you
can always DM me I am happy to answer do
you get a pizza party for being so well
behaved um that's what they said are we
teachers now is that like our old old
person
bit yeah
look hi
hi
oh okay what what I'm actually doing
wait can you go
back wait can I show yes I can show them
this what I'm actually doing is I am
currently working on the art for the
next song that is supposed to be
released it has been like how many weeks
it's been over a month now that's the
reason I haven't uploaded uh there's a
pony and SE selling seashells yet is
because of the art I haven't finished
the
art Pico they they took his hands oh
uhoh sorry about that
buddy sorry I don't know why I called
you
buddy don't listen to me I'm sorry about
your
hands he took his hands he has Hooves
now oh that's fair enough yeah hooves
are great hoes are great look at them
they're right there oh my God they
go hello hello hello didn't do that the
right time you want to try again yeah
go hello there we go okay there we go
there we
go in that moment we were
one I can't draw with these you can
literally draw with these I am F oh yeah
I was sick I'm finally feeling better uh
I was sick for a week and it was the
worst and I felt like I was dying the
whole time it was there was a part where
I was so [__] like dizzy from being
like almost 103 Fahrenheit fever I just
like I didn't know where it was I I
didn't know what was going
on and I took this concoction of like
500 Mig of the [__] what was it
ibuprofen or something which 500
milligrams of that tends to make me
dizzy and like kind of out of it and on
top of that I drank like chamomile tea
which is known to like knock me the [__]
out real hard and I barely remember what
happened after I drank all that it was
very I can tell you exactly what
happened
she she sat on the the chair and was
like touching things like pointing at
things randomly there's like something
across the room and she was like
pointing at it and then I grabbed it for
her and I brought it over to her and
then she was like pointing at the
sticker on it and then it got put to the
side and then later on like two minutes
later she was like where' the sticker go
it's like no it's just turned over and I
turned it over and she's like oh okay
and then her mind was settled after that
it was a very interesting thing to
witness
but it was it was it was fine cuz
chamomile tea already makes me really
like woozy and Dy and like sleepy and
then I also had like the ivory profen
which at that dosage is like also makes
me feel that way and so it's just a
combination of stuff that's known to
knock me out it's kind of like a witch's
brew yeah except you just ate the
ingredients but I hardly felt anything
while all of that was happening which is
good that's the point that's the that's
the point I'm glad you're feeling better
why are we talking so bad about Earth
ponies like Apple Jack can't [__]
everyone up yeah Earth Ponies are great
don't look at this Unicorn oh no there's
no Earth ponies here you're not proving
the point very well no wait canny's
going to go through a surgery okay I
don't know about that help do you permit
me to remove Kenny's horn yeah go ahead
you can do that awful thing
it's
okay now Earth Ponies are good and Apple
Jack is actually one of the best
characters in the show Apple Jack is
primo Eden and I rewatched all nine
seasons of My Little Pony and one of the
things I came away with was like Apple
Jack's a pretty good character she's
pretty good she's pretty great I the one
thing I took away from it is Spike is
Spike is really spike is literally so
good spike is the best character in my
bike gets like so [__] up by people
around them and then just like at one
point just becomes like unapologetically
an [__] and it's like you know what
you go for it whatever that's
fine Kenny's an earth pony now earth
pony
RS what do you Earth ponies have rights
they get they get more what more of them
I don't know if that's how equality
Works more rights okay
spike is the most abused character
literally watch anything watch anything
about Spike and you can see Spike just
get bodied by everyone around them for
no reason Spike yeah like Spike's so
sweet I feel like Spike got they got a
lot of bad rep from like a few of the
First episodes earlier episodes where
personally I think the writers just
didn't just didn't know how to write
Spike I feel like Spike deserved better
and then as time went on Spike was like
evened out as being
like yes this is Spike you know that's
my personal onion at least onion
onion you know what I agree with you
even early Spike season spike is the
goat is that what you said is goat is
goat what's your favorite Spike
episode what's someone El oh gosh um I
kind of like it when they're string
around um the Crystal Empire like yeah I
am this [__] the the oh my God the with
Starlight yeah well well I'm not a fan
of that one the one I like the most is
the one introducing oh my gosh I forgot
their name the one that I love no the
the the the changeling oh thorax thorax
yeah that is a good that is a good
episode I don't remember which one
that's called the my brain wants to say
to change a changing but I feel like
that's a different one I feel like
that's no cuz to change changing was
probably about the the the the the one
who was like evil and like I don't want
to change and like you need to change
you need to turn into a marketable toy
and he's like he's like no I don't want
to turn into a marketable toy was was it
was it fax was that that guy's name yeah
yes
fairings yeah haven't watched mlpg 5
though I don't know if you guys saw but
Lauren F posted some art that her
daughter did of like Rarity and I wish
that was the G5 style I really wish that
was the G5 style it's really
good oh happy birthday Kayla happy
birthday Kayla happy happy birthday to
you
today yeah I'm a hip
rapper fairing sounds like a body part
that's because it is yeah all the Chang
Lings are named after body parts
typically cuz there's thorax and fings
and the I don't remember the other ones
very well probably something like
antenna antenna like they go through
chrysis chrysis technically is like a
product of biological development so I'm
forgetting everything I'm really bad
with names what was the name of the one
like the main five student student
student six student five five the
changing one aelis aelis is that a name
of a part yes oh I believe so I believe
it's a very bug specific part chat what
is it what is that bug
part please please tell
us what is the bug
part I will simply Google this I it's
like I okay I see it's like I see AEL
lot AEL lot the Chang l
ocelot big
hos what what what a weapon to surpass
metal gear and the things that bind
us brand new and the Sorceress bone oh
no and the tree of c and the the squeak
wo sque yeah cutie marks the squeak wall
hey hey guys look at this
what are you talking about I just put
the horn back oh okay I I wasn't looking
at my
screen why are you doing this to them
this is so
different Metal Gear in the things find
us yeah sins of the
Pony all right all right I'm going to
try draw now I don't know what accent
I'm doing you're doing your best doing
my
best okay I
have fish wh where his notebook the
squeak wall that's not even what it's
called it makes it
better fish with the fish Whispers
notebook the squeak W yes yes fish
Whispers notebook implies that the
subtitles is just can
openers yeah oh my God I was like that's
great oh my gosh we saw fish today we
did see we went to the zoo today we had
a lot of fish which is good they were
like staring at us like you got a
problem you can't do anything behind
that glass like try me we were looking
at fish I'm like oh my God these guys
are so funny and then and then you point
out the sign like oh my God these are
piranhas
MH that reminds me we also saw the bad
guys support support well it's a big
Corporation support original
ideas support furry
media it it was okay it was all right it
had too many like offc Center jokes yeah
I don't know what I just yeah not a fan
of those kinds of jokes but also but did
you like it more than Sonic 2 I actually
really enjoyed Sonic 2 I did too which I
did too did not expect to two to cuz the
first Sonic movie is kind of like H it's
kind of kind of like I wish that what
what his name Tom I wish that Sonic I
wish that the first Sonic movie Tom just
like wasn't there the entire time Tom
was a little bit annoying he was a
little bit more funny in Sonic 2o
although I didn't love him but he was
being a little funny he was a little he
made me how he made a smile creep creep
across my face I saw him I said Tom
you're entertaining me right now I think
the reason why is because in the first
movie Tom was like went I Scout free but
in the second movie people like kept
[__] up Tom that's why that's why
he's great is because he got bullied so
much that's why he was
good this
this a thank you I am glad that makes me
happy about the yak song art
mhm as your desktop
BG that makes me very
happy have uh I have interestingly
enough I have on my other monitor you
can't see it but um cany during the
little the little cany animation thing
but this is stereo's art stereo and
what's funny about stereo is it was like
the first thing that Eden and I like
connected on technically cuz both me and
Eden have been like really inspired by
like stereo forever and when I was
commissioning Eden for the do it all
differently art for fairy tales we
started talking about stereo and it was
like the first thing we talked about
that wasn't like the commission cuz
Trixie sent you know it's funny because
that was the point where I was like oh
she has
taste like not that not that it's not
that's it's an expectation to not have
taste but like stereo has been a huge
inspiration of mine it's very obvious if
you look at my art at all that she's
like a huge inspiration and anyone who's
followed my work since 2015 knows how
much I like pretty much became just a
musician for art at one point I'm
actually going to put a link to stereo's
Twitter and and the chat because I'll
hide I'll to see that everyone can see
that stereo is
incredible I do want to like change the
I was thinking about changing the um cuz
for super Pony world 2016 there are two
different covers one for the deluxe and
one for the standard um the deluxe
version really isn't available anywhere
else but band camp and I've sort of like
changed the cannon of um super Pony
world so what I was thinking is actually
switching the album covers between the
um deluxe version and
the Standard Version and I was going to
because I feel like stereo's presence
should be like more under like more felt
yeah in super Pony world because she was
there for a lot of it mhm for a lot of
your early music her Art's just
there like she did the art for you know
what I'm forgetting
everything what was the what the remix
you did my pass is not today uhhuh
um see I'm like I started that thinking
I could think of more but technically by
the way I could put my past is not today
on super Pony world now because I have a
cover license for it oh so well that's
great it deserves to be there
absolutely fish tacos are
back that's
excellent oh my God they're back and
better than
ever would be nice to have a vinyl
version of super Pony world that would
be really hard cuz it's so [__] long
but I don't know how many I'm wondering
how many people in chat have been
listening to my music since before 26
16 because to me it feels
like um there's two versions of me as a
musician there's me Mystic Acoustics and
onward and then everything before that
it's like two different people
almost whoa since 2013 wow they've heard
the worst and the best
you're
gross well it's cool to see a lot of new
people here hi everyone hello new
people but I've been sort of nostalgic
for a lot of my older music and I'm
thinking like I'm going to start doing
more like Sil electronic songs like I
used to do I think
it's it must be weird seeing people say
things like I listen to your music when
I was a kid it's it's like I was making
my music when I was a kid
yeah what is my favorite song Through
The Years favorite song that I've made
or favorite song just in
general favorite song error
the soda is getting to
me yeah cutie marks and fish whisper are
sort of like have put me on to like a
whole other map of people and now it's
like there's I'm having to like separate
like what eras people have actually
discovered my music through and it's
always like very different people people
depending on what area you choose and I
think it's really
cool Viet Pony
ER best song to sent to a non Violet
Pony fan um the most Pony song you can
think of I would say lesbian Ponies as
Weapons because I would really prefer if
people came to my music listening to me
for exactly what I am
I don't unless you Pony with a weapon I
don't want
to like I don't want to decrease the pon
or the weirdness or the whatever um I
don't want to sterilize anything I
really want to
push what I'm doing as far as I can
Antony is definitely a good one as well
I feel like anony and lesbian ponies
with weapons kind of go hand in hand in
that respect hoof and hoof sorry no I
mean I mean Anon was one of the hardest
songs I've ever written which sounds
funny because it's a very like simple
song at face value and I have a lot of
really complex songs but but
um Anon was all about like careful
planning and making sure every little
thing was just like in the right place
at the right time and just feeling
perfect antm's one of the songs I listen
back to
currently and I don't have any desire to
fix anything like I'm just like no
that's that's fine that's good most of
my music I I listen back my I can I
could do this better
thank
you people are like saying things like
wow are so cute and I don't want to
interrupt you but so thank you everyone
who is saying such lovely things
[Music]
I don't even remember how to play am
phone pan right now it was also micronal
slightly so it's not even in the can't
could play all the way
[Music]
you make the emotional version just that
well not the emotional version but the
ballad version yeah because the original
is emotional everyone it
is I'm pretty sure that's the opening
too on the scene
now I love that
where does my jingle come
from oh so I I made that specifically
for the intro but it plays a very
particular set of notes it
[Music]
goes which if you slow it down
is which is
uh a Starship Ponyville motif
so someone asked about doing animations
to your songs um you're allowed to do
whatever you want to Trixie's with
Trixie's music as long as you credit her
I believe yes yeah I could share that on
my website
think if you go here if you go to this
really cool website that I created you
can go over to this little plus thing
you can click can you use my music and
tells you everything you need to
know for people wanting to use my music
for anything even if it's not an
animation if it's whatever if you want
to use it for like a school project or a
YouTube video or whatever um you can you
can do it you just have to make sure to
credit me and that's about it it's
allowed it's legal as long as you're not
like re-uploading something sometimes I
see people doing the like oh like an
snip slowed down by whatever it's like
uh I don't know about that I haven't
done anything about those uploads I'm
kind of like uh I don't really I would
really prefer that not be on YouTube but
it's whatever um do like just don't
upload my music and that's that's like
the best way to go about it
really um if you have a YouTube video
and you use my music in it and you
monetize it that's also fine as long as
you're crediting me I will tell you if
it's like a remix of something I did or
or a remix I did of something or if it's
a cover or if it's like not a fully 100%
original song that I've made then it's
very possible then someone else could
claim it or do something and I can't do
anything about that because it's not
fully mine but if it's a fully original
song of mine like Anon nymph and you use
it in your video and it's monetized that
that's
fine it will not get hit with any
copyrights
stuff cuz what I do for my distribution
is I make sure to avoid YouTube music
and stuff like that I also keep it off
of twitch music as well so if you have
my music come up on Twitch nothing's
going to happen to you it should be fine
and same thing with YouTube uh anything
that happens will be like a manual thing
so stuff like that update in the ly
princess L to princess mix I'm going to
do it I promise I promise I promise big
promise I'll bully her to do it don't
worry I'll I'm going to do it I'm going
to do it I
promise but no updates other than that I
I have been slacking because I've been
like uninspired for it I've talked about
this a few times
actually you know what this is my first
time drawing on a stream by the way so
please do not judge me for the fact that
I undo many times this is nor PR sure
everyone does I know you know what no
one's going to judge me right I'm just
self-conscious about it a little bit I
shouldn't be though don't be
self-conscious but yeah basically like
violet pony.com this is a hub for like
everything you want to know things about
me you want to get to my music from here
commissions or contact me which good
luck right now
um you know just everything like that if
you want to look at my characters I have
their ref sheets up here as well and uh
yeah Violet pony.com is the place to
go ask your parents before going online
all the art on this website is Eden's as
well because she's so cool
hi it's
me
see but yeah what's
up by the way everyone saying hello from
their respective countries hello and I
saw someone say hello from Ukraine so if
you're still here hello hope you're
doing staying safe that is all I have to
say about is a lot uhhuh I didn't even
realize the internet was still working
there must
be what's the little
thing
our good friend of ours
Chiba uh recently escaped Ukraine to
Poland and I was like talking to her
throughout the whole thing and that was
like like that was that was a crazy
experience
to like see the news start happening and
I'm like messaging her and like yeah I'm
glad she's okay now that she's out of
there but I'm pretty sure her dad still
and Mario B I think which is where
there's a lot of like heavy attacks
going on right now
mhm yeah I'm not going to I'm not going
to bring that on stream but it's just
worth noting that there's like you know
there's still the serious thing it's
happening still this historical event
that is currently going we're going
through I mean we're always going
through historical events but it's
definitely more present now people are
aware of
it is violet Violet because Violet
sounds like violet or Violet called
Violet because Violet is violet a little
bit of everything
actually when we were in canes and we
ordered well Trixie ordered um some
chicken
the the the guy behind the counter was
like violet VI IO and I just watched
Trixie go like yeah just like there's no
point in spelling it right like it's
literally just to call it my name for
food I don't it doesn't matter if they
spell it correctly um but I basically
been taking Eden on a tour and just
making her try various like fried
chickens that I like mm do you know
which one's your favorite um okay here's
my here's my concept you still haven't
tried Popeyes I haven't tried Popeyes
yet which I still need to try but here's
my concept imagine Kane everybody
imagine Kane's Chicken but with BonChon
sauce that right there is like would be
Peak but see I like the consistency of
bonson Bunch on chicken better anyway oh
I see all right so that's your
opinion well you know I think it's a
good opinion I like Korean chicken
uh-huh I think it's really good too I
just really like spicy spicy chicken and
I really like Kane's like fresh
fried
consistency but bonchon's really really
oh yeah I heard about the the Popeyes in
London I'm pretty sure that's a new
thing what they have Popeyes in London
apparently we don't have Starbucks some
cheeky Popeyes with the not having a
Starbucks is not the worst thing in the
room yeah Korean chicken is my favorite
food
period if you have the option to get
BonChon please do if you have the option
to get jollybee please do I haven't had
jollybee since I left
California how highly do I recommend
BonChon it's my favorite restaurant is
that a good enough
recommendation it's really
good it's got kimchi which is like Peak
food in my opinion we have a nandz fan
in chat cheeky Nando nandos is good I'm
I'm sad that America doesn't really have
it not not not here not on the west
coast oh they do oh well I think they do
have some in California because I see
but Oregon's kind of like like we hate
chains oh well that's good I agree with
that but I did notice the Nando Source
in like the grocery store that we went
to
so I'm half I'm I'm half Philip I'm
Filipino American I grew up I grew up in
uh Daily City California my grandmother
is Filipino we used to have jelly bee a
lot and then I have to leave California
so I haven't been to the Philippines
though I want to but it's kind of
complicated cuz I'm like queer and my
Filipino fames in the Philippines are
like homophobic and
[__] right like I don't know how
that would
go I I imagine there's like probably
like a few cities which
are better than others I imagine I don't
know anything probably
probably I mean I couldn't guarantee
they'd like slur me out or anything but
like I'm just like thinking about it
like that probably not a the best idea
you have a right to walk around and not
feel like unsafe that's the thing I
think we're we're forming a a Filipino
Army and chat right this is it's so
funny whenever someone finds that I'm
Filipino like for whatever reason people
don't expect
it I don't know like what what are
Filipino po people supposed to be like
on the internet I don't
know I'm also I'm also part Chinese but
I like don't know anything about
my uh Chinese Heritage so I just default
to the Filipino side of things
but yeah if that amounts to anything
then Jolly
Be live anywhere in the future I'd like
to let's hope so
[Music]
can I play yeah
can you even hear what you're doing no I
can't hear what I'm doing I'm doing
Chopsticks I think that's
not see she's got the musical skill and
the art skill I need to learn more about
music what's your favorite version of
live live that's such a specific
question um I like live nine because
that's what I started with
[Music]
all right in order to play this I have
to tune my keyboard up by one
but how many of you know this one
[Music]
technically I could learn this song
without transposing but I'm so
comfortable playing it this way that
it's like I have the option to transpose
I may as well I mean I could play
untransposed and it will just sound
different a b
[Music]
but it doesn't sound right to
me I just love that
[Music]
for
yeah do you want to makeing more chill
piano music in the future yeah I was
thinking about bringing back the old
hero series if anyone remembers what
that
[Music]
is what's my favorite instrument to play
or to listen to CU that's different I
can't play every instrument what can I
play I can play piano I can play guitar
SL Bas kind of um I can play ukulele
questionably
um I can play
drums hair in my mouth I mean my Mane is
in my H my mouth man in mouth but um I
don't remember what else can I play I
can sing I guess she can sing you can
play guitar I said that oh
okay I phased out a little
bit actually you know what you make a
good point everyone can play every
instrument that is so true all you have
to do is just do it actually so Trixie
can play every instrument so I can play
every instrument no but it's a good
point it's like you pick up an
instrument and you can play it you don't
have to play it well you could just like
have you ever picked up an instrument
you don't know [__] about and you just
like fiddle with it you just like you
it's little like a trumpet you just make
some little funny sounds with it you're
not good with it but it make you it
makes you smile that's what music is
there's literally a my little Pony
episode about this it's Pinky Pie in The
UOP phone anyone can play an instrument
you don't to play it good as long as it
makes you smile that's the best [__]
ever yeah that's why people make things
to share to create together thank you
for that comment because to a degree
you're you're you're right can you play
mayonnaise I can
actually just slap it it's a percussion
instrument hope you don't always stream
at 4 a.m. I'm going to stream only at
a.m. just for that comment no like I I
literally have sleep at ungodly hours
don't worry about it she's been sleeping
a lot sooner on my account but even
[Music]
then I was
watching a music theory talk that Jacob
ker was doing and what I I learned from
it was that a lot of stuff you can play
on a piano it might sound like [__] but
if you can recontextualize it suddenly
it doesn't sound like [__] anymore so if
I play this really dumb
[Music]
thing and then NE give a purpose
like suddenly that cord doesn't sound so
[__]
anymore cuz now I'm like telling it
where to be and what purpose to
[Music]
have building tension with that
dissonance I don't know what chord this
is don't ask me I don't know
[Music]
[__] and I thought like okay well then
everything's a [__] real chord then
play some weird [__] play some normal
[__] put that together and
wow that's music it's so cool and also
for any of you who do not know how to
play piano
yet um let me teach you
something let me teach you a a thing I
was showing Eden I showed I showed this
to Eden and suddenly she was like
playing like full chords and
progressions like out of nowhere so I'm
going to show this to you too I'm going
to take the camera can I flip this
please
I want to flip this how do I flip my
camera without flipping it for
you because I want everyone to see this
properly I don't know if you filter oh
there we go there we go
cool okay so for everyone everyone
following along here I'm going to teach
you a big shortcut if you don't know
anything about music and you just want
to start playing something on the piano
check this out learn how to play fifths
first and here's how you do that find a
note and then count up seven 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 that's a fifth right there and that
works anywhere in the keyboard you go
here 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven that's a
fifth so find your fifth and then put
any note you feel like in
between any note you feel like just find
when you like and figure out how to play
that with your right
hand and then find the lowest note in
that chord and play that with your left
hand on another
one and now you're playing a full chord
that you decided to
[Music]
make let's do it again find a
note count up seven 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 it works every single time if you want
to start playing piano just do that and
you can teach yourself piano starting
from there so now you already have a
whole bunch of basic chords you can play
you know that fifth we're playing
earlier this one um
well that's a I think that's an A okay
we're actually transposed hold on let's
fix
that is an a Shar
major a Shar major
fifth a Shar major minor or sorry what
the
[__] a Shar minor
fifth major
minor you could go even Crazier by
instead of one note down you do two
notes so instead of you
[Music]
go so if you want to start playing piano
really quickly and you want to just
write a song really quickly start with
fifths choose a note choose another note
whatever you just go
[Music]
instead of just playing the cords by
themselves then start to do start to
articulate that chord
[Music]
so many of you better start your music
careers everyone start making music
right now please immediately it's
imperative do your vocals ever mess
around with non-western chromatic scales
yes in Mystic Acoustics I believe I was
singing slightly microt tonally in um
stera I
think if I remember correctly there are
other points that I do it too but I
don't like write down okay I I sang I
sang Micron only here um so what fifths
are is they're a chord made up of seven
semitones apart or five whole
tones and um it always works a fifth is
one of the saf just chords and all of
music you
just now the way my brain works is I can
already I I don't have to count I know
where my fifths
[Music]
are so I can just pick it out but when
you do that you
go when you start to understand how that
feels with your hands you start to like
just be able to pick it out yourself too
for
reference I didn't I don't know I I
never went to school for music I didn't
go to school for music no one taught me
this stuff I just figured it out
myself and if I can do that I'm giving
you a starting point here and you can
like do the rest you can like okay what
if it's not a fifth anymore what if I
start consistently going two two extra
semmit tones of add another
note okay what's the lowest note here
[Music]
I don't even know how scales Works
technically I mean I know my scales but
most of it is like felt like whenever
I'm playing something I just I just feel
it you start to like hear in your head
like what works and what
doesn't why can't I Super Chat because I
don't want people to
pay for sending a message on YouTube
that's already
free and I feel like that's kind of
[Music]
strange and if you're playing piano and
you play something that sounds
weird something like this you just got
to remember that there's a way you could
contextualize that remember that chord
and start moving notes
[Music]
around I go back to
the it's all about like feeling it out
and it's so
fun so good very tangible will this
stream be available later it will I
think it's going to be for patrons if I
remember
correctly it should be still available
can you play the uke kind of not really
I don't know this is the one I'm using
right
now very nice not out it's very Out Of
Tune it's got a fish on it
[Music]
I don't even know what that was tuned to
I don't
care that was my
guitar don't worry about that
she's really
[Music]
good what time signatur this I have no
clue I have no idea what just
happened all right let's put this back
to switch this to hey hi
[Music]
like making a sound let's just make a
sound we're going to make a sound
now make some noise everyone in the chat
Make Some Noise I've always wanted to do
that good work thank you you're the best
one at doing that dream
[Music]
fulfilled everyone's making
noise right let's see if we can make the
anony actually I think I saved it no I
didn't no I didn't unfortunately we can
do it anyway wa the an
[Music]
set hey Trixie look everyone's screaming
oh my God everyone's
screaming they're cosplaying as
me okay everyone this is a really simple
patch to make but I'm going to show you
how to make the intro syn to
Anon as I as I remember it
was the Triangle I don't
[Music]
remember I think it was a square rave
when I was making the synth for this I
was thinking about Cobra
Starship the [__] uh you make me feel
so
song put a filter on that track
[Music]
it and I slightly do tuned see that
there was a slight thing here
[Music]
where's the pulse
width have
that there's got to be a pulse width
thing here
[Music]
I'm G turn my audio down a bit
more appar the music is quite loud yeah
I'm turning I just turn it okay
more I don't remember what the waveform
was for this
[Music]
I have the stems here
I think it was the uh just a square r
[Music]
I think that was it on this end and I
had like a glue compressor
[Music]
and of course the the delay
no way
sounds like a dead mouse
song This has gone past anth now
[Music]
Trixie I need to say hi to someone very
important hi Aira hia
what I'm talking to Eden by the
way hello
Akira hi okay that's it you got done
devouring in and out you're just
torturing me now a I want in and out
[Music]
can I play past the first few bars of
Megalania not really it takes more hands
than that for me I can
help Okay go
ahead wait you almost played um what was
that
oh hold hold the phone here I'm GNA [__]
everyone up right now hold the front
door chat you're not ready for this at
all if any of you were in middle school
during the year like during the late
2010s this one's or during the early
2010s this one's for you
[Music]
like a
blizzard is that how the lyrics go
[Music]
yeah yes see everyone I am a musical
genius it's true
[Music]
oh
ooh
[Music]
PE for
for
for for
let me get this stuff in here
enablon yeah
[Music]
e
is
[Music]
someone said it sounds like Keen music
you got to make it sound more like a 303
then
[Music]
no
hi sorry just plugging in my phone car
[Music]
on e
a
[Music]
hi
Chi CH Chi we actually haven't seen each
other in Forever how are
you for
huh oh for some reason I saw it said AFK
yeah it did I was saving a project I
didn't want to show my projects okay
mhm thank you for coming and Kira I hope
you like it it was just for you bye Kira
have a good sleep this is also for
[Music]
you holy [__] wait can I do one for Aira
yeah go ahead Aira you are the best I
hope you sleep well love Eden
I could turn that into a a percussion
watch that one right there
uhhuh
watch you're turning this into a part of
the song yeah listen
so
hell
[Music]
got that kick sounding so good
I should probably side chain
this that first symbol
[Music]
e
add some piano stabs we should add the
[__] classic M1 piano St stabs I
think oh that's a lot of parameters
what's your favorite one track UT off or
track UT
off I'm partial to track UT off oh for
sure and actually yes definitely hey
Trixie you want to try one
oh it's the Nerds wait nerd
cam nerd cam
rape do you like it that's
M
yes it's okay all right might like the
other flavors
[Music]
where's the reer
Jesus where I don't
[Music]
know he's on his way I know wait it was
Easter he came he's been and
gone did something funny
[Music]
good night Pico sleep good night
Pico and everyone else is going to
sleep e
[Music]
okay let's expand this
did you unmute on Discord on accident
yeah I
[Music]
e
CL
just a collection of sounds never knew
you drew your album coms yourself okay
I'm going to explain this um Eden is in
the room with me hi
hi
um she's drawing right now and have her
I have her iPad showing on my
stream and I'm doing the music right now
so we're doing a little we're doing a
little funny
business um a little collab
hello hello hello uh how is every chat
check how is everyone doing I haven't
been reading the chat because I've been
zoned into this
song isn't this cool the stream actually
feels like somewhat organized right now
that's a
first and I'm doing music on stream like
what I'm doing what I usually am
supposed to do I mean question mark but
I don't know you're doing a great job
isn't she doing a great job everyone
clap I'm going to make the demo for this
available on patreon
Tonight Like a G6 this started because I
was I was making the Like a G6
synthesizer what plugin do you have
loaded this is EXO so this is a sample
one shot organizer thing and it
organizes by sound
it's pretty
cool BL you thank
you the
[__] I could really go for a crash right
now Trixie huh do you feel chills when
you make music
yeah sometimes not right now this is
just a fun little
[Music]
song but that's a really good question
I'm going to find a really cheap like
little fill sound
like or whatever just like that I have a
bunch of them somewhere
like some weird funny little thing
something's really cheesy like I don't
care I want this to sound cheesy and fun
right
now where's the classic where's the
classic I know where you are you here
Pro
alone there you
[Music]
are that's not
correct like that like that L like
literally like that
[Music]
scratch my
ear scratch ear
[Music]
okay that actually sounds really good
like later on top
here I might added the secondary thing
later very BL
[Music]
sh
why do I like this a lot for no reason
cuz it's
good I was thinking of making a little
house project if you remember just get
go on it
e
[Music]
I don't know if I've showed this before
but here's a cool trick make an audio
track input resampling solo a track that
you want to make a transition
into record it for a few for a few
[Music]
seconds put a really long Reverb on it
right click
freeze once it's frozen then you flatten
it take that audio file open it unwarp
it reverse
it clip it to
here and
then put it there
lead into it like this and now you've
turned this
sound into this cool
effects very JY
you see how fast that was you can make
like a little sweep out of literally
anything it's super
cool why don't we do it with something
weird I'm going put this over here for a
second it looks like the video might be
buffering on YouTube's end I'm looking
at it right now it does look like it's
kind of
buffering is the audio buffering to
that it's not uh encoding overloaded
consider consider turning
down turn down What Turn Down for What
what go fine apparently it's just
video my video bit rates at 4500
if anyone who knows anything should I
change it from
4500 while you while I'm doing that I'm
GNA find a funny
little thing
how long do you want this I was
literally going to be like you should do
that
one oh my
God stream
lagging I think the stream is okay right
now I'm looking on my phone and it's
lagging is it mhm
is it showing on your iPad
okay no it's definitely
lagging hold on it's imperative you all
see this
video okay one second I'm going to see
if I can
see what my thing is
saying it's not really telling me what
my bit rate should
be OBS actually shows no drop
frames it's the encoding is
overloaded I haven't had this issue
before
though my uh output video bit rate's
4,500 kilobits per second is it because
you're streaming Discord no that
shouldn't be a
problem I'm going to open
my okay looks like my C okay you know
what I think my CPU is under 100% load
of some no it's not okay I'm so
confused it's
homophobic all my cores
are oh my
God why where are you okay I'm G to quit
that that's one
thing I'm checking my CPU usage I think
something's going on there
universal audio for some reason was
open
strange splice how about you maybe you
should piss off a little
bit just a little
bit I've been having so many of these
nerds oh you nerd oh I'm a nerd
shiting coding over to the GPU I'm on an
M1 Max so I'm not quite sure if the
processing is going to be the exact
same as
like I mean it should have like
a GPU component but I'm not quite sure
if it's going to recognize it the same
way I'm not sure if OBS has been
optimized for M1 yet I don't
know let me
see I don't think
I'm I don't think I'm able to change my
encoder right now while I'm
streaming I'm G change the well okay it
says the video bit rate on mine end is
my my end is fine now so I'm going to
try
and I'm going to try
and just open
thing
and I'm not getting that warning anymore
so hopefully the frames fix themselves
see it's not going to show until the
thing is gone okay till the delay is
gone better actually remember how much
delay is going
on it's taking a
oh it looks okay it looks
fine yeah it looks fine cool I think
either splice or universal audio was
just like killing my CPU for some reason
I would say it's probably both of them
because they're both evil okay um
anyway
um
huh
huh huh huh
H um I'm going to take
this and do the same thing I just did
earlier I'm going to add some funny
little effects on it too
[Music]
wow now that sound
oh it's it's overloading again okay
shoot
interesting what I could try and
do is turn off that from
there
and quit out of XO as
well and try again
I'm going to keep trying to do this
while the stream hopefully refreshes let
me know if you can see everything
clearly funny because just going huh and
I can't tell that's it that I'm being
like we can't hear you we're just like
going Spong
oh I'm going to put this here
oh my
goodness if I take off all these effects
it just sounds
like okay and now we resample that
and now we
have this and we reverse
it question to both of us are we
selftaught or
not
um technically I'm
selftaught I did go to a summer program
which changed a lot about my artistic
growth
and that had
teachers but that was only for a month
so I think I classify as selft but now
you are going to University I am going
to University but they're not really
teaching me anything they're just giving
me instruction yeah I've seen the
homework
uhhuh but we have this now here I'm
selftaught as well yes
we can do
both why does that sound so goddamn good
I'm I'm mad I'm upset you love this I I
do love this why are my drums at the top
is my question
a
he
[Music]
honestly that's fine sounds fine without
processing really to be honest with
you as of right now
anyway what is
it okay this
do that
there okay let's just fix
this that's better
[Music]
oh
all
[Music]
a
oh
[Music]
okay from the top
going die
[Music]
that's just a false end for
now I'll do more with this later I
really like like this
actually good
work bravo
bravo jolly good show I think we should
uh we should name this we should name
the song
together all
right what should how should we do this
should I like you do one part and then I
do the next part I'm going to see what
chat thinks oh and come up with ideas
from there mhm
Oh by together you mean the chat yeah I
we can together too yeah we can all
doely I can
look can
look call it FNAF
beatbox five nights at Dylan's that's
why we're at sport Dylan Sports Pub and
Grill cuz we're five nights at dyl
spending five nights at Dylan's hi
August
oh is that our August yes that is our
August [__] I couldn't tell hello August
how are you August you need to give us
names I knew he was giving me like scary
energy from the chat yeah he's like I
like this good funky
tune please name like a non-gay
character impossible I can't do that
impossible I'm sorry you're not sorry at
all no she's not sorry even Saturn is
gay canonically Saturn and Twilight are
like you
know August is scaring
me funny
groovy he asserts that he's normal and H
nobody believes
you no pony believes you no Pony no pony
how about goofy hoos I I kind of like
that name actually goofy ho goofy
hoes bubble
sway see I was thinking of making a
house just like a little house project
of a couple of fun house songs the other
song on there right now is called sea
Pony
music and so like like goofy who just
kind of like fits with this little like
Sil little theme mhm I think so that's a
good that's a good that's a good start
actually yes I think
so goofy hoes is a good
start goofy
Hoops goofy Hoops Aus says space beats
space like speed yeah he he says like
the
vegetable which is kind of scary see
he's he's he's making a brew he's
thinking of St he's thinking of potions
potions this is very on brand for
August you're going to make a real house
no August this is house music for the
house so someone builds the house and
you put music in
it silly I'm going to have Stanley knock
on the door Stanley Tui Stanley
what sorry I wasn't even
looking
thorx thorx no I don't know the
no goofy
hes not going to make a real
house markz you're saying some many
things and if you keep doing that I'm
going to remove you from the
chat just so you
know if you keep news flash if you keep
saying things you're getting kicked
out not not to not not to you
specifically I feel like that's what
they want though I feel like they want
to be kicked out no what they want is a
character with with a healthy
relationship with their parents
um I
don't cuz we're all
sick everybody's sick and dying go find
one healthy person before you find a
healthy
relationship yeah Mark is sus but I'm
give them a chance can the house be
McDonald's well Ronald Don Ronald
McDonald's house and pleas
I'm liking goofy hes I like goofy
hes Fluttershy rap
battle I you like
it with
who I don't know the title just makes me
think the title's just funny to
me top five vide six
gosh everyone just it's so F like I
didn't think people would care about
that all people still people will
message me about top five videos oh
really well you know what I'm not
surprised I would also wait on baited
breath for the next top five videos to
get your fix you know yeah I love fixing
I could I could houses house house music
fixing reminds me of Handy Manny
oh my god do you remember he had a
talking Hammer it's kind of weird he did
he
did epic rep battles of
pist Pony history in
Brackets
August oh August is oh August is saying
that
uhhuh but he hijacked it it wasn't his
bit he hijacked that bit from someone
yeah yeah
but I need I'm still need still the
question needs to be answered who is
Fluttershy rap battling
with who is Fluttershy rap bad me you
I'm fighting her
just is this
your battle against her or is this her
like is this song a representation of
you versus her or her versus you mark so
that was your one chance why are you
being
way where are
you I'll find
you I'll find wait okay okay
goodbye
goodbye did to the person yeah okay
goodbye farewell we done with
that I think we're going with Goofy
Hoops I'm a big fan of goofy
Hoops Stanley who let me find who said
goofy
Hooves goofy HS goofy HS
Hipp oh my God Cha's here
CH everyone in chat is legally required
to say hi to Cha hello Cha and she's
really powerful you're doing so good cha
ban anyone she wants she can ban anyone
who doesn't say
hi chibo please don't ban anyone who
doesn't say hi I mean you can do
whatever you want but please don't do
that chba will do it anyway cuz Cha's so
powerful are they good not really
I'm eating them I ate so
many I ate so many of
them you like
it not
really well that's okay you know what
sometimes we don't enjoy the things we
buy what we do with it is we just give
it to our
girlfriends they can eat it
right I didn't buy it for me I bought it
for
you no this was a great we talked about
this you said can we get this I'm like
yeah didn't get it for me you got it for
me yeah yes oh I thought we okay well
thank you for this gift you're not
allowed anymore okay no I'm kidding you
can have as many as you
want you can have as many as you so
desire I'm going with Goofy hubs yes I
actually really like that name a lot
who suggested goofy hubs hippo K hippo h
i i p o k space
k hip okay okay thank you we're going
with we're going with um with Goofy hubs
canonically like when I release the song
it will be called goofy
hubs good work Hipp okay
Eden you want to show the art
H barely done anything that still looks
really good thank you barely done much
at
all I've been kind of rendering
youa there she
is she
flips she
spins yeah I've been doing we got a
spinner we got a spinner over
here and there's
KY se's looking at
shells wait someone ask what the next
screamy bingus is huh I haven't done a
scrimmy bing since
2018 but I'm going to do I hope you know
that I had like 14 episodes planned for
scrimmy bingus and I'm gonna do them I'm
gonna do I'm gonna do all of the binges
it's gonna be the best
ever wait chat I have to show you
something what are you doing I so Trixie
does not have her ears pierced but I
went on a quest to
find earrings the upside down cross
earrings and I have excellent news wait
I don't know where I put them oh no wait
I timed that so well to like
unfortunately I put them in like a box
oh wait no I know where they are here
okay
chat they're
real look they're upside down
too buy them now from your local Al
Express just like
uh like that little
thing oh they're real I have some too
I can wear them
though I don't have my ears pierced
yet I don't know why I don't I feel like
the amount of times we've gone to the
mall we could have just done it we
should go to Claire's and get it make it
happen we should go to Claire's and make
it
happen I think so I think whenever
you're ready it has to be when you're
ready yeah cuz you cuz the only problem
is is when you wear earrings that kind
of hurts when you put headphones on
yeah that's the biggest issue is I
wouldn't wear earrings a lot and if I
got my ears pierced it's
like there's a hole in my ear I have to
keep it open help help me and if things
get like cuz you have to keep the
earring
[Music]
in wait can I mix it up a little bit you
can
mix Claire's is where dreams happen
okay there very
true
okay I'm very slow at this compared to
like most people who are good at solving
Rubik's Cubes but I'm still pretty
good cha said oh no the
cube yes cha because cha was there when
I learned how to when I was teaching
myself how to do this
like I was in video call with her
practicing that's such good
lore and now I can do this pretty
reliably just a little
slowly compared to most people to like
normal people this seems really fast but
I'm going pretty slow like the world
record's like 4 seconds or something
so and I'm using like or f2l or
something algorithms so someone knows I
have a gan
Cube yeah I have a gan Cube I have I
have my certification card and
everything no big
deal mix it again
uhhuh I remember yeah the the world
record for solving a Rubik's Cube is
like 4 seconds and like I don't really
care about getting that good I just like
solving the Rubik it's like really
cathartic and it's like I can do it and
uh like I'm Asian so I'm supposed to
know how to do
it I
remember to give me that look no I
didn't give you any look give me a
look I remember um I was on coold with
Trixie ages ago and she was like I have
to beat my time like I have to beat this
specific time otherwise I'm not allowed
to eat I was like Trixie you should eat
now and she was like no and she's like
had to solve it in a certain amount of
time there you go yeah I gave myself a
time of like I had to be in 30 seconds
or less and I did eventually mhm this
you're start this is starting with two
white
pieces you can mix it up a little bit
better my mixing is not up to p
my mixing is not
preferred apparently someone else said
said goofy Hooves first and I do
remember multiple people said goofy
hoobs really I
think Emperor's Outreach does get the
credit for it cuz I do remember their
name popping up but you know what both
get it because like they did it together
they were like mm above all the noise
everyone everyone they're like it's
going to be this name I'm so sorry
Emperor Emperor's Outreach I get on
stream oh my goodness I get on stream
for once for one moment I get on stream
for one stream and I've already messed
up this is okay wait is that good enough
is that is that too simple for you see
does it all have to be super separate I
did it okay that's
good I mixed it up so good
CH said I did a good job with mixing you
did do a good job with
mixing it's also not easy to solve this
at this angle but it's
fine I say that but I'm not a true cuber
so it doesn't matter
[Music]
August said you must be banished to who
me or Trixie banish me to New Zealand
why don't you no banish you here for no
discernable reason
please
[__] really likes your
keyboard oh my God I was talking to CH
about keyboards and it's just just like
maybe I shouldn't do this to her maybe I
shouldn't get her into this like hell
hole I think it's a hell hole she
doesn't mind being in good job keyboards
are good listen the
sound uh don't type on my
project sorry I think okay you're fine
you just T you typed A and S as
automation Lane showing and solo okay
okay good okay swag that's fine that's
all
good I should press
delete no I'm sorry I shouldn't press do
anything okay it doesn't have anything
selected I do have three hands look look
how cool I
am can I have a fourth hand going on
[Music]
hey I have a reoccurring dream where a
football player walks up to me and says
it's time
and and as soon as he says this a human
arm holding a bottle of Gatorade bursts
out of his chest Oh no you're
referencing something and I don't know
the rest of it
I can picture having Four Hands being
pretty useful honestly yeah talk to
Ronnie talk to Ronnie about that does
Ronnie have four or six hands four I
don't know who has six maybe
godri godric the grafted didn't
it they're going to be grafted to the
spider spider that's what rodri
says they've all gone to be grafted she
says like a question yeah all gone to be
grafted through the
spider God this whatever this mixes is
like so goofy [__]
hes she even said that she might try to
dress as an
octopus I think that's a great
idea can hey can chat see my feet my
sock
feet okay I don't think so do you want
them to would you like chat to look at
your feet no chat don't look at my
feet I just real I was soling this off
screen I'm so
sorry doing what I
can CH said [__] Cube gang what does
that mean
I don't know but she's so true so
true everyone's saying they can see my
feet
Yes yes let's go let's let's guard you
know what let's not start that on stream
no
please sphere gang
Supremacy certified feet moment this is
what you've done I'm sorry I'm sorry
you've encouraged this I'm
sorry all right that's it you can look
at the Kiwi that that Eden got for
me what why are you holding it like that
okay thank
you
no gentle gentle
it's endangered
Trixie gentle it's
endanger oh
little yes yes
oh posum and kiwi in
love
hey see that's not endangered this
is yeah you want to fight about
it oh is cha
going I think maybe I don't know I can't
follow anymore he's
leaving someone else is leaving I think
no ch's leaving okaybye cha bye cha I
miss here I hope you're doing good you
are doing good you're doing okay you're
doing you're doing
good I'm pretty sure we have like four
aosome plushies total in this
house there are so many bless this
mess bless this m I don't know why this
is out but I might as well just show
everyone look at my old
phone it's out
because it was in the container that has
fallen on my head
most this is the phone that I had when I
became a brony when I joined the fandom
if I could get this to turn on which I
have not successfully been able to do
yet
um you would be able to see the Rainbow
Dash W hi no way keep
going the Rainbow Dash wall paper that I
set on the train after I saw that guy
with the Rainbow Dash t-shirt no way
that's sick it never changed look at
this
keyboard
whoa It's so
broken
lore oh my God you're playing sounds
sorry you're only triggering mini right
now
can you play this song that we made yeah
Eden and I were I was showing Eden how
to use this a little bit we made a
little thing sounds like
this this is the randomizing one
yeah I like these
sounds serotonin mon
h
it's very cool this thing is really cool
it makes me want to get one mhm it's not
really good for beginners I don't think
but if you have some experience it's
very much like fun to is
MHM it's very swag I love the op1
because it has a little cow
thing Eden likes the phaser I like the
phaser the cow phaser on the op one is
pull that
up unfortunately I'm not going to get
direct audio into this one for now so
sorry but
[Music]
so Eden likes the cow yes I adore the
cow
the op1 knows how to appeal to me the
consumer with the
cow wow
[Music]
I like that it's like it's underwater
I mean who wouldn't love the
cow not me I love the
cow so Edan likes the cow I still need
to show you this one I still need to
show Eden the
tracker but I got to figure out how to
get my audio working on that again
because I [__] up my cable system in
the back over there and and I need to
figure out how to make your work
again maybe it's fine it's fine we'll
figure it
out all right I'm going to try and scare
everyone
now with what oh scare them I sure
everyone have fast I
type [__] you were so good
I just realized that no one could see
that all right let's try this
again that was2 beat Beats for minute
words for minute beat for minute try
again
[__] [__]
you can do ite I need to finish this
properly
[__]
okay I try to get it always 100% every
single time do it you can do it
that's too
much you're laughing because it said the
funny word you're laughing because it
said the funny word I'm not going to let
you do that
I I always try to get 100% every single
time so I like if I get too many wrong I
like stop it huh act like you don't even
care and it'll come
naturally yeah yay she did it she did
it that's bad is bad for me at least
it's okay Trixie but you
know hi Lucas hi
Lucas Lucas you want to hear what we
made on stream I'm going to play it
is
[Music]
this is a good
song it is in
DDO
yeah I'm surprised we made this I
remember when the last time I actually
made music on stream
was I don't know I'd have to go through
you did really good okay I'm G do the
thing that I do
now the little funny thing she does
okay everyone knows what this
is what if you
don't you'll figure it out this is
typically how I end
streams as I play jaser which is um get
put in a random place on Google Maps you
got to figure out where you
are and I
think I think we're in
um somewhere
Slavic question
mark I think we're in Poland Maybe
it's Egypt thank you Lucas someone said
Oklahom we definitely Eden would know
all about I used to live in
O definitely
not this very
European yeah I'm pretty sure it's
Poland that's my first guess
saw some words I don't speak Polish but
I think it was
polish shout out to any Polish people in
chat definitely Cape Cod Massachusetts
you're on the right track I think
we're definitely in like Eastern Europe
for sure I don't know where else on
Earth this could
be
but no science with words on them
okay we are in Poland we are in Poland
we very much are
okay so we
are around
there it's going towards both of these
I would I would dare to say we're over
here yeah a little bit kind of yeah sort
of good
enough um
Canada hell Canada no
dumping do not dump anyone here please
how did you know that could have been
anywhere in Europe because they were
polish and I knew polish the Polish
cities but also Poland just kind of
looks a kind of way and that's why it
was my first guess now this is
definitely America that's that's for
certain you say uh Cali is this
California that's
crazy I mean I wouldn't be surprised I'm
looking at these
houses it's going to be like Northern
California oh but it couldn't be because
it looks like there's a actual transit
system so sorry I don't think it's
California they actually have public
transportation here
very
true
Greer safety is our
priority
fireproofing wherever this is definitely
needs um okay it's
snowing
here Magic Touch
blind gosh
I want to see the snow again thank
you
lovely Rivers way Sports
Complex was this feeling a lot less like
California and more
like
Vancouver
perhaps remember when I said Canada was
my first
guess this is I could walk there I'm
going to be there soon I I can't walk
there you can't walk
there there's
Vancouver well it was West Coast so
whoever said
California
you're kind of on the around there this
is Japan like I don't even need to try
check this
out easy one easy win for for that
one okay now we're in hell as you can
see now this might be now this might be
California California okay this might be
California I feel like it's Nevada
the
O
Arizona oh you know it's hardcore when
the [__] street names are 2450 South
and 2410 East oh my gosh it's like a
military complex or
something someone said
Kansas I don't think it's Kansas I think
this is this is like
Southwest uh actually I don't know
though because I'm looking at these
trees this could be
Texas this could easily be Texas
Sly
station well that's goofy there some
goofy
Hooves so goofy Hoops for
you this looks like a nuclear testing
facility I you know what I changed my
mind again I think we are in the
Southwest
Carolinas
no yeah this is U this is Minnesota as
you can
tell okay what infrastructure do we have
here Painted Desert Professional
Plaza spectacular
Vehicles will be tone doesn't matter
which ones they are they will be
tone I feel like this is Nevada I don't
know dude could be California could be
Nevada could be Arizona those are my
three
guesses did you have something of
Interest
here not really oh
does that say Idaho are we in Idaho oh
God it's worse than I
thought
uhoh no is this really
Idaho is this really Idaho is that
person with the same license
plate that's a different license PL a
person came here from Idaho this isn't
Idaho
right Nevada Utah it could be Utah could
not and then that I'll put it really
close to
Idaho okay no I think we're putting a I
think we're putting together a picture
here this this Minecraft Helm the
children yearn for the
mines I think people need more context
for that sentence don't worry about it
all right I guess they don't need
it oh no
Idaho uhoh
[Music]
Idaho yeah we saw ducks and one of them
was pretending to be a flamingo it was
really
cute it was pretending to be a flamingo
and it was really cute cuz it doesn't
need to like do
that and the other flamingo were like
leaving it
alone was just hanging out with its leg
up this is definitely not Idaho that
thing just came here from
Idaho thenone of these license plates
these could be California license plates
oh God Trixie have you tried B B B B
B B I don't think so I don't know what
you're
saying wait I'll show you okay
it's kind of gross I don't think you've
tried it well okay I feel like if you've
had it for your whole life it's not
gross but in my head it sounds gross
this it's Filipino food oh no I haven't
had
that Boulder Springs huh Boulder
Springs River Road I think this is this
Colorado could this be some place in
[__]
Colorado the famous
[__] I bet it's a dinosaur [__] it we're
going dinosaur [__] that holy [__] it
was Utah in St George it's okay all of
America looks the same bye
lcas is it by
Lucas whoa
I am not why you inside some random
house why did they let me in here with
the
balls I don't know where this is
oh actually that still doesn't really
help
mark check is that check no it doesn't
check check fire and ey shoots and
lasers
I am not going to be able to figure out
where this
is I'm not going to know where this
is this is such a goofy Behavior
thank
you I see the
[__] it could be we could be in India
we could be in Sri Lanka I don't know if
we could be in Sri Lanka
actually we could be in
Pakistan I don't know New York yes we
were in New York City New York City
famous for its very long yellow license
PL
oh they hit its
face I think this is
India or Nepal could this be Nepal is
this Nepal we can go to Nepal H I'm Paul
good work thank you
welome could be
Nepal could be your mom I don't
know this is really unfair them does it
say you can see those words
closer this feels like cluto like a
murder
location all right I don't know I just
want it to be Nepal so I'm going to
click Nepal I don't care
look at how much video games I need to
play to realize that it's
India good work it's so good Shimla that
was the name of the place that was
actually correct wow good work no I went
to theal even though it was India I
would have got more points if I chosen
India somewhere you still did good yeah
well I know where kind of a little bit
sort of not really chat didn't she do so
good
I don't want to go
here I want to go to somewhere else from
here
please everyone's saying you did so good
everyone is saying that I went to Nepal
instead of
India literally nobody is saying that
okay for some reason when I went over
here I thought the shadow is of the
huh I thought it was the I suggested we
did now dog what I thought it was this I
wish it was
that I thought it was the Shadow do you
see yeah it's like Burly and
scary Burly and scary thought was the
shadow of this dog waiting for
me it wants dip
immediately where am I going where is
this you know what I've decided the this
ision hell
oh Flamingo and boiling Brook we saw
Flamingo today we saw a few couple of
flamingos
today Aver germa
fan what I'm pretty sure someone just
said that about the
dog
hello it's true I suggest you get me dip
now suggest I suggest you get me dip how
do
to all the germ heads out there tonight
agree with the statement did you just
say
germ did you just said ger I did I
did that was so ball and fruitful and
goated of you with the sauce thank you
very Supple that was really that was
really swag balls of you thank you don't
laugh it's not funny okay I'm not
laughing
Flamingo oh that's not a flamingo that's
a house that's not it that's not
it okay can we be somewhere in the real
world
now instead of in nature hello Dusty
gamma welcome back we have no idea where
we are we're actually in Georgia and not
for sure oh Trixie knows where we are I
wonder
where all state the wind
Freer ashms plumbing company
chat how many fonts are here how many
fonts are present for this scienti one
two three four five six seven eight
fonts for you to have
here that's that's incredible this is
the this is the modernday sriracha sauce
packet
cover I feel like this is close to
Atlanta
if I'm saying stuff like
this
goodness Big Daddy's soul food wait no
no no no no no what no that's the
SpongeBob font for C City the SpongeBob
I'm sorry
what look at this right now August look
I'm sorry CBD City SpongeBob core for
you to have today what in the world for
you to look at what hello what
why why does it why does it do this to
me I think it's beautiful why does it do
this to me I like that font I like it
actually okay can can I what is top top
la like in parenthesis like
sarcastically I don't what is wait Al
food
mark fast emission all cars are welcome
thank you except for Priuses wherever
this is it's in a place called Cascade
Georgia the beautiful no they didn't
call this place the the beautiful
restaurant no it's the the beautiful
restaurant they did not call it this
name
no it's in it's in Beats by Dre it's in
the B house SP they made this in the B
house SP you don't like it it's
wonderful this is
incredible it's beautiful beautiful
homemade I thought it was just going to
say homemade bananas homemade cakes pies
bananas and
cobbler Cascade Georgia I am
uncomfortable with the energy we created
in the studio
today it's a
bam
oh I feel like there's no no there isn't
a place called Bonanza Atlanta don't say
that to me
what wait there's a place called
experiment oh experiment Georgia
experiment Griffin oh The Rock The Rock
The Rock The Rock is here right now
there's oh there's gay gay gay Georgia
wait I want to live
here I don't want to live here Hamilton
butley I'm looking for a place called
Cascade I don't know if I care enough to
look for
Cascade you know what I don't care
enough to look for Cas it's right there
it's not a city it's a area
okay I said it was probably close to
Atlanta I
did gay geordan Kazakhstan sorry what
what Kazakhstan I think we're in
Kazakhstan Kazakhstan Kazakhstan
Kazakhstan Kazakhstan are you okay I
just saying it repeatedly because I lik
the sound you like the sound of
Kazakhstan Kazakhstan Kazakhstan
Kazakhstan
it could be
KGAN k
k oh that's Russian or
cilic that doesn't mean it's not
Kazakhstan okay this is a weird place
help does anyone live here
plenty of oh anyone in chat live here
they really just called Tim
mid mid Tim okay wait there's Electro I
think this is
Serbia oh what's the big idea huh idea
what's the big idea huh you think this
is Seria well I think it is what's the
big idea I think this is
Serbia bellarus my my my no this is is
not bis for certain
Yugoslavia Yugoslavia no longer
exists news flash
everyone that is not a country that
exists any
longer that that country went away
before I was
born I knew someone from there well they
must be a little bit on the older side
they are quite
old no I'm leaving I'm leaving I'm
leaving I'm leaving right now
everyone pretend you didn't see it
everyone you didn't see anything at
all I'm at the end okay so Ah that's
Serbia okay
okay Serbia bring us home that's that's
Bosnia Serbia bring us home sorry Serbia
bring us home look at me look how good I
am at this good work I know we're in
Serbia because my Serbia alert my
Serbia alarm was tingling Ser alert Ser
alert my Ser alarm was
tingling apparently it's
lagging yeah I can see
that it looks okay
now not
really oh it's okay now okay anyway that
was my miss out on the funny words I
think
interesting but I do have like a Serbia
sense no it's lagging again just letting
everyone know it's okay I'm about to
turn off the
stream I have a Seria sense no people
saw it one said it oh
goody dog what the dog sorry this is
Europe P it's the UK
okay that's enough of that that's
Ireland don't look at me I'm looking at
you right
now
okay
Malaysia Malaysia or
Singapore wait
Indonesia help okay I'm about to make so
many people upset at
me I think this is
Indonesia
Malaysia
Malaysia oh it's everything's scaring me
it's Malaysia okay it is Malaysia okay
the way you worded that made it sound
like because everything is scaring you
it must be
Mal uh I won't be surprised if we were
here it is whoa Trixie what the [__]
it's coort it's that was really good if
it were to randomly place in Malaysia it
probably be near
koore cuz kmore is like the only like
major city where they have like full
mapping everything else is like streets
like obscure
Corners where am I
now bless you thank
you this feels
weird awardwinning barbecue get a gift
card sudden
hours thank you Sun hours there's not a
lot of sun is there no not really
woodland people purpose passion next
right follow the signs this does looks
like they're going to kill you in a wood
uh yes I think they will
oh what is that this feels a bit scary I
think it's in America somewhere it is in
America it has the shape of the state
right there what if this is
Oklahoma no it's
not what if this is my Oklahoma it's
Arkansas that's how we're in
Hell there's not even anything in
Arkansas I'm just going to go
there wow whatever close
enough yay you did really good yeah I
was pretty good you're pretty
swag it's just Ireland jump
scare uhhuh that was the one that was a
bit of a shock shocker like you've
played Elden ring you should no F now
what the Irish representation yeah fair
enough
M good
work you did so
good very proud
hey everybody look at my fiddles sticks
that's mine look at look at our fiddles
sticks thank
you thank
you okay I'm gonna end the stream now
but I think that was really good yeah
thanks for coming every pony every pony
thanks for staying
oh thanks for coming thanks for staying
thanks for hanging
out I had a really fun
time streaming we could do this again
could do this again sometime sometime I
will not be here physically though it's
okay it's
okay it's good I can still show people
your screen look I just set up like that
yeah and Kenny can
go as much as that way you could like
technically say you've done art streams
uhuh the playback on my iPad's kind of
behind so don't worry about that yeah
don't worry about
it all right thank you everyone I hope
you have a wonderful rest of your night
or day you should look at these things
too you should look at these
things everybody if you'd like to
support Trixie more there's a patreon
where you can get
access toing the bit for yeah do you
want to do it no I don't have a bit um
where you can get access to special
things just for people who give her a
little bit of I cannot see her screen
anymore um a little bit of extra dough I
hated how I said that d throw pizza
dough at her please please don't um
please don't she secretly wants you
to Don't Throw dough at her please um
there's also her Twitter account where
she posts many things some concerning
many delightful I'm going to turn off
this now is that okay yes yes okay we're
going to go make out now
what no one said that oh my God stop
sh good night good night everyone